Personal Diary Website
This is a personal diary website that allows users to create and manage their own diaries. The website is built using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and MongoDB.


Features
User Registration and Login: Users can create an account and log in to the website.
Diary Creation: Users can create a new diary entry, including a title and content.
Diary Listing: Users can view a list of all their diary entries.
Diary Editing: Users can edit or update their existing diary entries.
Diary Deletion: Users can delete their diary entries.
Responsive Design: The website is responsive and optimized for various devices.


Technologies Used
HTML: Used for structuring the web pages.
CSS: Used for styling the web pages and making them visually appealing.
JavaScript: Used for implementing client-side functionality and interactivity.
MongoDB: Used as the database to store user information and diary entries.


Prerequisites
To run the website locally, you will need the following:
Web browser (Chrome, Firefox, etc.)
Text editor or Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for code editing.
Node.js and npm (Node Package Manager) installed on your system.
MongoDB database installed locally or a remote MongoDB connection string.


Install the dependencies:
Copy code
npm install
Configure the MongoDB connection:

Open the config.js file in a text editor.
Replace <MONGODB_URI> with your MongoDB connection string.
Start the server:

Copy code
node server.js
Open your web browser and visit http://127.0.0.1:8000 to access the website.


Contributions to the project are welcome. If you find any issues or want to add new features, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Acknowledgements
The project uses Express.js framework for handling server-side requests and routing.
The MongoDB Node.js Driver is used for connecting and interacting with the MongoDB database.
The website design and styling are based on the Bootstrap framework.